feat: call known lineage variants (#392)
IKIM-Essen/uncovar: workflow/report/lineage-variant-report.rst

> Showing top 5 similar lineages based on SNVs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indication of the most similar variants of concern to sample {{ snakemake.wildcards.sample }} based on SNVs.
```
